aws_elasticloadbalancingv2_listener_rule (#375)
inspec/inspec-aws: docs/resources/aws_elasticloadbalancingv2_listener_rule.md

| actions (redirect_config (host)) | The hostname. This component is not percent-encoded. The hostname can contain #{host}. |
| actions (redirect_config (path)) | The absolute path, starting with the leading "/". This component is not percent-encoded. The path can contain #{host}, #{path}, and #{port}. |
| actions (redirect_config (query)) | The query parameters, URL-encoded when necessary, but not percent-encoded. Do not include the leading "?", as it is automatically added. You can specify any of the reserved keywords. |
| actions (redirect_config (status_code)) | The HTTP redirect code. The redirect is either permanent (HTTP 301) or temporary (HTTP 302). |
| actions (fixed_response_config (message_body)) | The message from a custom HTTP response. Only valid when Type is `fixed-response`. |
| actions (fixed_response_config (status_code)) | The HTTP response code (2XX, 4XX, or 5XX) from a custom HTTP response. |
| actions (fixed_response_config (content_type)) | The content type from a custom HTTP response. Valid values: `text/plain`, `text/css`, `text/html`, `application/javascript`, `application/json`. |

> | actions (fixed_response_config (target_groups (target_group_arn))) | The ARN of the target group. |
> | actions (fixed_response_config (target_groups (weight))) | The weight of the target group. The range is 0 to 999. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| actions (forward_config (target_groups ( target_group_tupple (target_group_arn)))) | The ARN of the target group. |
| actions (forward_config (target_groups ( target_group_tupple (weight)))) | The weight of the target group. The range is 0 to 999. |
```

---
title: About the aws_elasticloadbalancingv2_listener_rule Resource
platform: aws
---

# aws\_elasticloadbalancingv2\_listener\_rule

Use the `aws_elasticloadbalancingv2_listener_rule` InSpec audit resource to test properties of a single specific ELBv2 Listener Rule.

The AWS::ElasticLoadBalancingV2::ListenerRule specifies a listener rule. The listener must be associated with an Application Load Balancer. Each rule consists of a priority, one or more actions, and one or more conditions.

## Syntax

Ensure that a rule exists.
    describe aws_elasticloadbalancingv2_listener_rule(rule_arns: 'test_rule') do
      it { should exist }
    end

## Parameters

> `rule_arns` _(required)_

Reviewer: Does this take one arn or multiple arns?
